docs: Update OPA Policy Configuration with Example (#12840)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/opa.md

|-------------------|---------|----------|---------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| host              | string  | True     |         |               | Host address of the OPA service. For example, `https://localhost:8181`.                                                                                                                    |
| ssl_verify        | boolean | False    | true    |               | When set to `true` verifies the SSL certificates.                                                                                                                                          |

> | policy            | string  | True     |         |               | OPA policy path. A combination of `package` and `decision`. While using advanced features like custom response, you can omit `decision`. Format (eg.`examples/echo` not `examples.echo`)   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| policy            | string  | True     |         |               | OPA policy path. A combination of `package` and `decision`. While using advanced features like custom response, you can omit `decision`. When specifying a namespace, use the slash format (`examples/echo`) instead of dot notation (`examples.echo`).  |
```
